March 2019 point release with debugger fixes (#5056)
Microsoft/vscode-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2019.3.2 (2 April 2019)

### Fixes

> 1. Unable to expand variables in the watch window and the debug console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fix regression preventing the expansion of variables in the watch window and the debug console.
```

   ([#5035](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/issues/5035))

> 1. Display survey banner for Language Server when using current Lanaguage Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Display survey banner (again) for Language Server when using current Lanaguage Server.
```

   ([#5064](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/issues/5064))
1. Update ptvsd to [4.2.6](https://github.com/Microsoft/ptvsd/releases/tag/v4.2.6).
   ([#5083](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-python/issues/5083))
    * Fix issue with expanding variables in watch window and hover.
    * Fix issue with launching a sub-module.

### Code Health

> 1. Capture telemetry to track installer used when installing packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Capture telemetry to track which installer was used when installing packages via the extension.
```
